1. Name three tables that correspond to the Resource types that are defined in api.config.yaml. 
    Which table is not defined by your YAML but still exists? (Hint: accounts.)

a) Sneaker, Brand, Favorite, Order
b) shares, users
    
2. Pick one resource table (e.g. sneakers). 
    Which columns look like they are referencing data in other tables (this is called a “foreign key”)?

a) sneakers
b) owner

3. What looks different between the required and optional fields in the database?

required: false

4. In one sentence: what is the difference between changing data with npm run seed and changing data only through the REST API or data grid?

npm run seed changes data on the back end, and the other two change data on the front end.

5. Why should you run npm run generate again before npm run seed if you just edited api.config.yaml?

so the database and CSV templates match your resources.

6. How did the list request URL change when you applied the filter(s)? 
    (Mention the path, any new or removed query parameters, or if only the Network tab showed a change.)

? is generated after the current path, along with the created query
If multiple queries exist, an & seperates them

7. Suppose your Sneakers API endpoint is /api/sneakers and name is marked queryable in api.config.yaml. 
    What URL would you use for a GET request that asks the server for sneakers whose name includes the substring running?

api/sneakers?name=#### where ##### is the query

8. What is one difference between experimenting in /api/docs and experimenting in the data grid?

/api/docs opperates on the back end, and the data grid editing opperates on the front end

9. What is one advantage of introducing a separate PlantType resource 
    (with a relation from Plant) instead of keeping species as a plain string on every plant row?

You can avoid spelling mistakes by having the type reference a preexisting variable instead of 
writing it however many times.  Given it's a shared category, if changes need to be made, one 
can much easier change the PlantType table than change multiple instances of hard-coded data.

10. Final project: List at least three REST paths you expect to need for your final project 
    (they can be placeholders like /api/...). For each, name:
    a. The resource
    b. the data fields you’ll need
    c. Which fields will be queryable
    d. One relationship you might add (e.g., Sneakers are linked a Brand resource in another table)